☆MTN Fighting and ☆MTN Normal joined
Format: [Gen 5] Triples Custom Game
MTN Fighting's team:
Poliwrath / Hitmontop / Breloom / Toxicroak / Scrafty / Lucario
MTN Normal's team:
Snorlax / Girafarig / Swellow / Bibarel / Sawsbuck / Clefable

Battle started between MTN Fighting and MTN Normal!

Go! Poliwrath!

Go! Hitmontop!

Go! Toxicroak!

MTN Normal sent out Swellow!

MTN Normal sent out Snorlax!

MTN Normal sent out Sawsbuck!

Turn 1

The opposing Swellow used Metronome!

Waggling a finger let it use Perish Song!
All Pokémon that heard the song will faint in three turns!

The opposing Sawsbuck used Metronome!

Waggling a finger let it use Water Sport!
Fire's power was weakened!

Toxicroak used Metronome!

Waggling a finger let it use Synchronoise!
It doesn't affect the opposing Swellow...
It doesn't affect the opposing Snorlax...
It's super effective on Hitmontop!
(Hitmontop lost 40% of its health!)

Poliwrath used Metronome!

Waggling a finger let it use Psyshock!
(The opposing Sawsbuck lost 24.3% of its health!)

Hitmontop used Metronome!

Waggling a finger let it use Slack Off!
Hitmontop had its HP restored.

The opposing Snorlax used Metronome!

Waggling a finger let it use Sky Drop!
The opposing Snorlax took Poliwrath into the sky!

The opposing Swellow's perish count fell to 3.
The opposing Sawsbuck's perish count fell to 3.
Toxicroak's perish count fell to 3.
Hitmontop's perish count fell to 3.
Poliwrath's perish count fell to 3.
The opposing Snorlax's perish count fell to 3.

Turn 2

The opposing Swellow used Metronome!

Waggling a finger let it use Zen Headbutt!
It's super effective!
(Hitmontop lost 45.5% of its health!)

The opposing Sawsbuck used Metronome!

Waggling a finger let it use Meteor Mash!
(Hitmontop lost 30% of its health!)

Toxicroak used Metronome!

Waggling a finger let it use Air Slash!
The opposing Snorlax avoided the attack!

Hitmontop used Metronome!

Waggling a finger let it use Fire Pledge!
It's super effective!
(The opposing Sawsbuck lost 15.7% of its health!)

The opposing Snorlax used Sky Drop!
It's super effective!
(Poliwrath lost 37.3% of its health!)
Poliwrath was freed from the Sky Drop!

The opposing Swellow's perish count fell to 2.
The opposing Sawsbuck's perish count fell to 2.
Toxicroak's perish count fell to 2.
Poliwrath's perish count fell to 2.
Hitmontop's perish count fell to 2.
The opposing Snorlax's perish count fell to 2.

Turn 3

The opposing Swellow used Metronome!

Waggling a finger let it use Vine Whip!
(Hitmontop lost 10% of its health!)

The opposing Sawsbuck used Metronome!

Waggling a finger let it use Smack Down!
It's not very effective...
(Poliwrath lost 6.7% of its health!)

Toxicroak used Metronome!

Waggling a finger let it use Close Combat!
A critical hit!
(The opposing Swellow lost 100% of its health!)
Toxicroak's Defense fell!
Toxicroak's Sp. Def fell!

The opposing Swellow fainted!
Hitmontop used Metronome!

Waggling a finger let it use Brine!
It's not very effective...
(The opposing Sawsbuck lost 9.3% of its health!)

Poliwrath used Metronome!

Waggling a finger let it use Toxic!
The opposing Snorlax was badly poisoned!

The opposing Snorlax used Metronome!

Waggling a finger let it use Ice Punch!
(Toxicroak lost 37.1% of its health!)

The opposing Snorlax was hurt by poison!
The opposing Sawsbuck's perish count fell to 1.
Toxicroak's perish count fell to 1.
Poliwrath's perish count fell to 1.
Hitmontop's perish count fell to 1.
The opposing Snorlax's perish count fell to 1.

MTN Normal sent out Girafarig!

Turn 4

The opposing Sawsbuck used Metronome!

Waggling a finger let it use Bug Bite!
It's not very effective...
(Poliwrath lost 7.3% of its health!)
The opposing Sawsbuck stole and ate its target's Leppa Berry!
The opposing Sawsbuck restored PP to its move Metronome using its Leppa Berry!

The opposing Girafarig used Metronome!

Waggling a finger let it use Petal Dance!
It's not very effective...
(Toxicroak lost 23.8% of its health!)

Toxicroak used Metronome!

Waggling a finger let it use Tail Slap!
(The opposing Girafarig lost 10% of its health!)
(The opposing Girafarig lost 10.8% of its health!)
(The opposing Girafarig lost 9.2% of its health!)
(The opposing Girafarig lost 9.2% of its health!)
The Pokémon was hit 4 times!

Poliwrath used Metronome!

Waggling a finger let it use Magma Storm!
(The opposing Snorlax lost 11.8% of its health!)
The opposing Snorlax became trapped by swirling magma!

Hitmontop used Metronome!

Waggling a finger let it use Brick Break!
(The opposing Girafarig lost 35.4% of its health!)

The opposing Snorlax used Metronome!

Waggling a finger let it use Blizzard!
Toxicroak avoided the attack!
It's not very effective on Poliwrath.
(Poliwrath lost 12% of its health!)
(Hitmontop lost 14.5% of its health!)

Hitmontop fainted!

The opposing Snorlax was hurt by poison!
The opposing Snorlax is hurt by Magma Storm!
The opposing Sawsbuck's perish count fell to 0.
Toxicroak's perish count fell to 0.
Poliwrath's perish count fell to 0.
The opposing Snorlax's perish count fell to 0.

The opposing Sawsbuck fainted!
Toxicroak fainted!
Poliwrath fainted!
The opposing Snorlax fainted!

MTN Normal sent out Bibarel!

Go! Scrafty!

Go! Breloom!

Go! Lucario!

MTN Normal sent out Clefable!

Turn 5

Lucario used Metronome!

Waggling a finger let it use Fire Blast!
It's not very effective...
(The opposing Bibarel lost 36.0% of its health!)

The opposing Girafarig used Petal Dance!
It's not very effective...
(Lucario lost 12.4% of its health!)

The opposing Clefable used Metronome!

Waggling a finger let it use Sludge Wave!
It doesn't affect Lucario...
It's super effective on Breloom!
(The opposing Girafarig lost 25.4% of its health!)
(The opposing Bibarel lost 36.0% of its health!)
(Breloom lost 65% of its health!)
(Scrafty lost 23.2% of its health!)

The opposing Girafarig fainted!
The opposing Bibarel used Metronome!

Waggling a finger let it use Tri Attack!
It's not very effective...
(Lucario lost 12.4% of its health!)

Breloom used Metronome!

Waggling a finger let it use Encore!
The opposing Bibarel must do an encore!

Scrafty used Metronome!

Waggling a finger let it use Flash Cannon!
(The opposing Clefable lost 15.3% of its health!)

Turn 6

Lucario used Metronome!

Waggling a finger let it use Head Charge!
(The opposing Bibarel lost 28.1% of its health!)

The opposing Bibarel fainted!
Lucario was damaged by the recoil!

The opposing Clefable used Metronome!

Waggling a finger let it use Cross Poison!
A critical hit!
(Scrafty lost 52.8% of its health!)

Breloom used Metronome!

Waggling a finger let it use Hyper Voice!
(The opposing Clefable lost 17.6% of its health!)

Scrafty used Metronome!

Waggling a finger let it use Mach Punch!
It's super effective!
(The opposing Clefable lost 28.2% of its health!)

Turn 7

Lucario used Metronome!

Waggling a finger let it use Power Trick!
Lucario switched its Attack and Defense!

The opposing Clefable used Metronome!

Waggling a finger let it use Hail!
It started to hail!

Breloom used Metronome!

Waggling a finger let it use Guard Swap!
Breloom switched all changes to its Defense and Sp. Def with its target!

Scrafty used Metronome!

Waggling a finger let it use Mud Bomb!
(The opposing Clefable lost 13.5% of its health!)

(The hail is crashing down.)
Lucario is buffeted by the hail!
The opposing Clefable is buffeted by the hail!
Breloom is buffeted by the hail!
Scrafty is buffeted by the hail!

Turn 8

Lucario used Metronome!

Waggling a finger let it use Seismic Toss!
(The opposing Clefable lost 19.4% of its health!)

The opposing Clefable fainted!

MTN Fighting won the battle!