☆MTN Normal and ☆MTN Flying joined
Format: [Gen 5] Triples Custom Game
MTN Normal's team:
Snorlax / Girafarig / Swellow / Bibarel / Sawsbuck / Clefable
MTN Flying's team:
Scyther / Skarmory / Pelipper / Honchkrow / Braviary / Dragonite

Battle started between MTN Normal and MTN Flying!

Go! Swellow!

Go! Snorlax!

Go! Bibarel!

MTN Flying sent out Scyther!

MTN Flying sent out Skarmory!

MTN Flying sent out Pelipper!

Turn 1

Swellow used Metronome!

Waggling a finger let it use Cotton Spore!
The opposing Skarmory's Speed fell harshly!

The opposing Scyther used Metronome!

Waggling a finger let it use Autotomize!
The opposing Scyther's Speed rose sharply!
The opposing Scyther became nimble!

Bibarel used Metronome!

Waggling a finger let it use Future Sight!
Bibarel foresaw an attack!

The opposing Skarmory used Metronome!

Waggling a finger let it use Razor Wind!
The opposing Skarmory whipped up a whirlwind!

The opposing Pelipper used Metronome!

Waggling a finger let it use Low Sweep!
(Swellow lost 24.2% of its health!)
Swellow's Speed fell!

Snorlax used Metronome!

Waggling a finger let it use Soft-Boiled!
Snorlax's HP is full!

Turn 2

The opposing Scyther used Metronome!

Waggling a finger let it use Tickle!
Bibarel's Attack fell harshly!
Bibarel's Defense fell harshly!

Swellow used Metronome!

Waggling a finger let it use Octazooka!
It's not very effective...
(The opposing Pelipper lost 8.3% of its health!)

Bibarel used Metronome!

Waggling a finger let it use Dragon Rage!
(The opposing Skarmory lost 32% of its health!)

The opposing Pelipper used Metronome!

Waggling a finger let it use Perish Song!
All Pokémon that heard the song will faint in three turns!

The opposing Skarmory used Razor Wind!
A critical hit on Snorlax!
(Swellow lost 19.2% of its health!)
(Snorlax lost 16.4% of its health!)
(Bibarel lost 22.3% of its health!)

Snorlax used Metronome!

Waggling a finger let it use Zen Headbutt!
(The opposing Pelipper lost 32.5% of its health!)

The opposing Scyther's perish count fell to 3.
Swellow's perish count fell to 3.
Bibarel's perish count fell to 3.
The opposing Pelipper's perish count fell to 3.
The opposing Skarmory's perish count fell to 3.
Snorlax's perish count fell to 3.

Turn 3

The opposing Scyther used Metronome!

Waggling a finger let it use Acrobatics!
(Bibarel lost 77.7% of its health!)

Bibarel fainted!
Swellow used Metronome!

Waggling a finger let it use Simple Beam!
[The opposing Pelipper's Rain Dish]
[The opposing Pelipper's Simple]
The opposing Pelipper acquired Simple!

The opposing Pelipper used Metronome!

Waggling a finger let it use Night Daze!
(Snorlax lost 15.5% of its health!)

The opposing Skarmory used Metronome!

Waggling a finger let it use Draco Meteor!
A critical hit!
(Swellow lost 56.7% of its health!)
The opposing Skarmory's Sp. Atk fell harshly!

Swellow fainted!
Snorlax used Metronome!

Waggling a finger let it use Stored Power!
It's not very effective...
A critical hit!
(The opposing Skarmory lost 7.2% of its health!)

The opposing Skarmory took the Future Sight attack!
It's not very effective...
(The opposing Skarmory lost 14.4% of its health!)
The opposing Scyther's perish count fell to 2.
The opposing Pelipper's perish count fell to 2.
The opposing Skarmory's perish count fell to 2.
Snorlax's perish count fell to 2.

Go! Girafarig!

Go! Sawsbuck!

Turn 4

The opposing Scyther used Metronome!

Waggling a finger let it use Guillotine!
Sawsbuck avoided the attack!

Sawsbuck used Metronome!

Waggling a finger let it use Sweet Kiss!
The opposing Skarmory became confused!

Girafarig used Metronome!

Waggling a finger let it use Acrobatics!
(The opposing Pelipper lost 18.3% of its health!)

The opposing Pelipper used Metronome!

Waggling a finger let it use Toxic!
Girafarig was badly poisoned!

The opposing Skarmory is confused!
It hurt itself in its confusion!

Snorlax used Metronome!

Waggling a finger let it use Discharge!
It's not very effective on Sawsbuck.
It's super effective on the opposing Scyther!
It's super effective on the opposing Skarmory!
It's super effective on the opposing Pelipper!
(Girafarig lost 20% of its health!)
(Sawsbuck lost 10.7% of its health!)
(The opposing Scyther lost 40% of its health!)
(The opposing Skarmory lost 37.6% of its health!)
(The opposing Pelipper lost 40.8% of its health!)
The opposing Scyther is paralyzed! It may be unable to move!

The opposing Skarmory fainted!
The opposing Pelipper fainted!

Girafarig was hurt by poison!
The opposing Scyther's perish count fell to 1.
Snorlax's perish count fell to 1.

MTN Flying sent out Dragonite!

MTN Flying sent out Honchkrow!

Turn 5

Sawsbuck used Metronome!

Waggling a finger let it use Lunar Dance!

Sawsbuck fainted!
The opposing Dragonite used Metronome!

Waggling a finger let it use Dragon Claw!
(Girafarig lost 60% of its health!)

Girafarig used Metronome!

Waggling a finger let it use Pin Missile!
(The opposing Honchkrow lost 3.8% of its health!)
(The opposing Honchkrow lost 5% of its health!)
(The opposing Honchkrow lost 4.4% of its health!)
The Pokémon was hit 3 times!

The opposing Honchkrow used Metronome!

Waggling a finger let it use Mist!
The opposing team became shrouded in mist!

The opposing Scyther used Metronome!

Waggling a finger let it use Seed Flare!
(Snorlax lost 18.6% of its health!)

Snorlax used Metronome!

Waggling a finger let it use Harden!
Snorlax's Defense rose!

Girafarig was hurt by poison!
The opposing Scyther's perish count fell to 0.
Snorlax's perish count fell to 0.

The opposing Scyther fainted!
Snorlax fainted!

MTN Flying sent out Braviary!

Go! Clefable!
Clefable became cloaked in mystical moonlight!

Turn 6

The opposing Dragonite used Metronome!

Waggling a finger let it use Ice Beam!
(Clefable lost 32.4% of its health!)

Girafarig used Metronome!

Waggling a finger let it use Magic Coat!
Girafarig shrouded itself with Magic Coat!

The opposing Braviary used Metronome!

Waggling a finger let it use Facade!
(Clefable lost 24.7% of its health!)

Clefable used Metronome!

Waggling a finger let it use Psycho Shift!
But it failed!

The opposing Honchkrow used Metronome!

Waggling a finger let it use Thrash!
(Girafarig lost 1.5% of its health!)

Girafarig fainted!

Turn 7

The opposing Dragonite used Metronome!

Waggling a finger let it use Razor Shell!
(Clefable lost 22.9% of its health!)
Clefable's Defense fell!
[Clefable's Cute Charm]
The opposing Dragonite fell in love!

The opposing Braviary used Metronome!

Waggling a finger let it use Stone Edge!
(Clefable lost 20% of its health!)

Clefable fainted!

MTN Flying won the battle!