☆MTN Electric and ☆MTN Dark joined
Format: [Gen 5] Triples Custom Game
MTN Electric's team:
Electivire / Ampharos / Magneton / Eelektross / Rotom-Wash / Manectric
MTN Dark's team:
Weavile / Houndoom / Krookodile / Honchkrow / Hydreigon / Absol

Battle started between MTN Electric and MTN Dark!

Go! Electivire!

Go! Manectric!

Go! Ampharos!

MTN Dark sent out Honchkrow!

MTN Dark sent out Krookodile!

MTN Dark sent out Hydreigon!
[The opposing Krookodile's Intimidate]
Electivire's Attack fell!
Manectric's Attack fell!
Ampharos's Attack fell!

Turn 1

Manectric used Metronome!

Waggling a finger let it use Dark Pulse!
It's not very effective...
(The opposing Hydreigon lost 17.8% of its health!)

The opposing Hydreigon used Metronome!

Waggling a finger let it use Outrage!
(Manectric lost 43.4% of its health!)

Electivire used Metronome!

Waggling a finger let it use Heart Stamp!
It doesn't affect the opposing Krookodile...

The opposing Krookodile used Metronome!

Waggling a finger let it use Psyshock!
(Manectric lost 12.6% of its health!)

The opposing Honchkrow used Metronome!

Waggling a finger let it use Shell Smash!
The opposing Honchkrow's Defense fell!
The opposing Honchkrow's Sp. Def fell!
The opposing Honchkrow's Attack rose sharply!
The opposing Honchkrow's Sp. Atk rose sharply!
The opposing Honchkrow's Speed rose sharply!

Ampharos used Metronome!

Waggling a finger let it use Sludge Wave!
A critical hit on Manectric!
It's not very effective on the opposing Krookodile.
(Manectric lost 44.0% of its health!)
(The opposing Honchkrow lost 59.4% of its health!)
(The opposing Krookodile lost 15.5% of its health!)

Manectric fainted!

Go! Rotom (Rotom-Wash)!

Turn 2

The opposing Honchkrow used Metronome!

Waggling a finger let it use Psyshock!
(Ampharos lost 50% of its health!)

The opposing Hydreigon used Outrage!
(Electivire lost 56.3% of its health!)

Electivire used Metronome!

Waggling a finger let it use Searing Shot!
It's not very effective on Rotom.
It's not very effective on the opposing Hydreigon.
(Rotom lost 9.2% of its health!)
(The opposing Krookodile lost 17.4% of its health!)
(The opposing Hydreigon lost 8.6% of its health!)
Rotom was burned!

The opposing Krookodile used Metronome!

Waggling a finger let it use Iron Defense!
The opposing Krookodile's Defense rose sharply!

Rotom used Metronome!

Waggling a finger let it use Magma Storm!
The opposing Krookodile avoided the attack!

Ampharos used Metronome!

Waggling a finger let it use Barrier!
Ampharos's Defense rose sharply!

Rotom was hurt by its burn!

Turn 3

The opposing Honchkrow used Metronome!

Waggling a finger let it use Hidden Power!
A critical hit!
(Ampharos lost 41.3% of its health!)

The opposing Hydreigon used Outrage!
(Electivire lost 43.7% of its health!)

Electivire fainted!
The opposing Hydreigon became confused due to fatigue!

The opposing Krookodile used Metronome!

Waggling a finger let it use Comet Punch!
(Rotom lost 5.7% of its health!)
(Rotom lost 7.1% of its health!)
(Rotom lost 5.7% of its health!)
(Rotom lost 6.4% of its health!)
The Pokémon was hit 4 times!

Rotom used Metronome!

Waggling a finger let it use Tackle!
(The opposing Hydreigon lost 6.6% of its health!)

Ampharos used Metronome!

Waggling a finger let it use Draco Meteor!
(The opposing Krookodile lost 42.6% of its health!)
Ampharos's Sp. Atk fell harshly!

Rotom was hurt by its burn!

Go! Eelektross!

Turn 4

The opposing Honchkrow used Metronome!

Waggling a finger let it use Barrage!
Rotom avoided the attack!

The opposing Hydreigon is confused!
The opposing Hydreigon used Metronome!

Waggling a finger let it use Explosion!
A critical hit on Eelektross!
A critical hit on Rotom!
(The opposing Krookodile lost 24.5% of its health!)
(Eelektross lost 100% of its health!)
(Rotom lost 41.8% of its health!)

The opposing Hydreigon fainted!
The opposing Krookodile fainted!
Eelektross fainted!
Rotom fainted!
Ampharos used Metronome!

Waggling a finger let it use Jump Kick!
(The opposing Honchkrow lost 33.8% of its health!)

MTN Dark sent out Houndoom!

MTN Dark sent out Absol!

Go! Magneton!

Turn 5

The opposing Honchkrow used Metronome!

Waggling a finger let it use Heal Block!
Magneton was prevented from healing!
Ampharos was prevented from healing!

The opposing Absol used Metronome!

Waggling a finger let it use Hydro Cannon!
(Ampharos lost 8.7% of its health!)

Ampharos fainted!
The opposing Houndoom used Metronome!

Waggling a finger let it use Seed Bomb!
It's not very effective...
(Magneton lost 15.5% of its health!)

Magneton used Metronome!

Waggling a finger let it use Bubble Beam!
(The opposing Honchkrow lost 6.9% of its health!)

The opposing Honchkrow fainted!

MTN Dark sent out Weavile!
[The opposing Weavile's Pressure]
The opposing Weavile is exerting its pressure!

Turn 6

The opposing Weavile used Metronome!

Waggling a finger let it use Storm Throw!
It's super effective!
A critical hit!
(Magneton lost 72.7% of its health!)

The opposing Absol must recharge!

The opposing Houndoom used Metronome!

Waggling a finger let it use Retaliate!
It's not very effective...
(Magneton lost 11.8% of its health!)

Magneton fainted!

MTN Dark won the battle!