☆MTN Bug and ☆MTN Fighting joined
Format: [Gen 5] Triples Custom Game
MTN Bug's team:
Pinsir / Heracross / Armaldo / Vespiquen / Volcarona / Scizor
MTN Fighting's team:
Poliwrath / Hitmontop / Breloom / Toxicroak / Scrafty / Lucario

Battle started between MTN Bug and MTN Fighting!

Go! Pinsir!

Go! Vespiquen!

Go! Heracross!

MTN Fighting sent out Poliwrath!

MTN Fighting sent out Breloom!

MTN Fighting sent out Toxicroak!
[Pinsir's Mold Breaker]
Pinsir breaks the mold!
[Vespiquen's Pressure]
Vespiquen is exerting its pressure!

Turn 1

Heracross used Metronome!

Waggling a finger let it use Screech!
The opposing Breloom's Defense fell harshly!

The opposing Toxicroak used Metronome!

Waggling a finger let it use Superpower!
It's not very effective...
(Pinsir lost 28.8% of its health!)
The opposing Toxicroak's Attack fell!
The opposing Toxicroak's Defense fell!

Pinsir used Metronome!

Waggling a finger let it use Charm!
The opposing Toxicroak's Attack fell harshly!

The opposing Breloom used Metronome!

Waggling a finger let it use Bonemerang!
It's not very effective...
(Heracross lost 9.3% of its health!)
It's not very effective...
(Heracross lost 8.6% of its health!)
The Pokémon was hit 2 times!

The opposing Poliwrath used Metronome!

Waggling a finger let it use Hydro Cannon!
(Vespiquen lost 74.6% of its health!)

Vespiquen used Metronome!

Waggling a finger let it use Feint Attack!
It's not very effective...
A critical hit!
(The opposing Breloom lost 55.0% of its health!)

Turn 2

Heracross used Metronome!

Waggling a finger let it use Ice Ball!
It's super effective!
(The opposing Breloom lost 45% of its health!)

The opposing Breloom fainted!
The opposing Toxicroak used Metronome!

Waggling a finger let it use Steel Wing!
(Pinsir lost 8.8% of its health!)

Pinsir used Metronome!

Waggling a finger let it use Flash Cannon!
(The opposing Toxicroak lost 19.6% of its health!)

The opposing Poliwrath must recharge!

Vespiquen used Metronome!

Waggling a finger let it use Flatter!
The opposing Poliwrath's Sp. Atk rose!
The opposing Poliwrath became confused!

MTN Fighting sent out Hitmontop!

Turn 3

Pinsir used Metronome!

Waggling a finger let it use Leaf Tornado!
The opposing Hitmontop avoided the attack!

The opposing Toxicroak used Metronome!

Waggling a finger let it use Heat Crash!
It's super effective!
(Pinsir lost 11.2% of its health!)

Heracross used Ice Ball!
(The opposing Hitmontop lost 25.5% of its health!)

The opposing Poliwrath is confused!
It hurt itself in its confusion!

The opposing Hitmontop used Metronome!

Waggling a finger let it use Explosion!
A critical hit on Vespiquen!
(The opposing Poliwrath lost 46% of its health!)
(The opposing Toxicroak lost 80.4% of its health!)
(Pinsir lost 51.2% of its health!)
(Vespiquen lost 25.4% of its health!)
(Heracross lost 51.4% of its health!)

The opposing Hitmontop fainted!
The opposing Toxicroak fainted!
Pinsir fainted!
Vespiquen fainted!

MTN Fighting sent out Lucario!

Go! Volcarona!

MTN Fighting sent out Scrafty!

Go! Armaldo!

Turn 4

The opposing Lucario used Metronome!

Waggling a finger let it use Fire Fang!
(Volcarona lost 22.8% of its health!)

Volcarona used Metronome!

Waggling a finger let it use Horn Attack!
(The opposing Scrafty lost 18.4% of its health!)

Heracross used Ice Ball!
(The opposing Scrafty lost 42.4% of its health!)

The opposing Poliwrath is confused!
The opposing Poliwrath used Metronome!

Waggling a finger let it use Head Smash!
(Heracross lost 30.7% of its health!)

Heracross fainted!
The opposing Poliwrath was damaged by the recoil!

The opposing Scrafty used Metronome!

Waggling a finger let it use Horn Leech!
(Armaldo lost 25.2% of its health!)
Armaldo had its energy drained!

Armaldo used Metronome!

Waggling a finger let it use Mist Ball!
It doesn't affect the opposing Scrafty...

Go! Scizor!

Turn 5

The opposing Lucario used Metronome!

Waggling a finger let it use Wrap!
It's not very effective...
(Armaldo lost 3.7% of its health!)
Armaldo was wrapped by the opposing Lucario!

Volcarona used Metronome!

Waggling a finger let it use Mist!
Your team became shrouded in mist!

Scizor used Metronome!

Waggling a finger let it use Grass Knot!
(The opposing Scrafty lost 28.0% of its health!)
The opposing Poliwrath snapped out of its confusion!

The opposing Poliwrath used Metronome!

Waggling a finger let it use Rage!
It's not very effective...
(Armaldo lost 3.7% of its health!)
(Rage started on the opposing Poliwrath!)

The opposing Scrafty used Metronome!

Waggling a finger let it use Magnet Bomb!
It's not very effective...
(Volcarona lost 9.0% of its health!)

Armaldo used Metronome!

Waggling a finger let it use Flamethrower!
(The opposing Scrafty lost 24.8% of its health!)

The opposing Scrafty fainted!

Armaldo is hurt by Wrap!

Turn 6

The opposing Lucario used Metronome!

Waggling a finger let it use Shell Smash!
The opposing Lucario's Defense fell!
The opposing Lucario's Sp. Def fell!
The opposing Lucario's Attack rose sharply!
The opposing Lucario's Sp. Atk rose sharply!
The opposing Lucario's Speed rose sharply!

Volcarona used Metronome!

Waggling a finger let it use Iron Head!
It's not very effective...
(The opposing Lucario lost 13.1% of its health!)

Scizor used Metronome!

Waggling a finger let it use Final Gambit!
(The opposing Poliwrath lost 26% of its health!)

Scizor fainted!
The opposing Poliwrath fainted!
Armaldo used Metronome!

Waggling a finger let it use Lock-On!
Armaldo took aim at the opposing Lucario!

Armaldo is hurt by Wrap!

Turn 7

The opposing Lucario used Metronome!

Waggling a finger let it use Force Palm!
It's not very effective...
(Volcarona lost 31.0% of its health!)

Volcarona used Metronome!

Waggling a finger let it use Brave Bird!
(The opposing Lucario lost 40% of its health!)
Volcarona was damaged by the recoil!

Armaldo used Metronome!

Waggling a finger let it use Force Palm!
It's super effective!
(The opposing Lucario lost 46.9% of its health!)

The opposing Lucario fainted!

MTN Bug won the battle!