☆MTN Water and ☆MTN Electric joined
Format: [Gen 5] Triples Custom Game
MTN Water's team:
Tentacruel / Kingdra / Sharpedo / Gastrodon / Carracosta / Milotic
MTN Electric's team:
Electabuzz / Lanturn / Manectric / Magnezone / Galvantula / Emolga

Battle started between MTN Water and MTN Electric!

Go! Kingdra!

Go! Gastrodon!

Go! Carracosta!

MTN Electric sent out Galvantula!

MTN Electric sent out Magnezone!

MTN Electric sent out Manectric!

Turn 1

The opposing Galvantula used Metronome!

Waggling a finger let it use Vine Whip!
It's super effective!
(Carracosta lost 24.6% of its health!)

The opposing Manectric used Metronome!

Waggling a finger let it use Brine!
It's not very effective...
(Kingdra lost 5.9% of its health!)

Kingdra used Metronome!

Waggling a finger let it use Thunder!
It's not very effective...
A critical hit!
(The opposing Magnezone lost 60.8% of its health!)

The opposing Magnezone used Metronome!

Waggling a finger let it use Psywave!
Kingdra avoided the attack!

Gastrodon used Metronome!

Waggling a finger let it use Aqua Tail!
(The opposing Galvantula lost 42.3% of its health!)

Carracosta used Metronome!

Waggling a finger let it use Heat Wave!
It's super effective on the opposing Galvantula!
It's super effective on the opposing Magnezone!
(The opposing Galvantula lost 57.7% of its health!)
(The opposing Magnezone lost 39.2% of its health!)

The opposing Galvantula fainted!
The opposing Magnezone fainted!

MTN Electric sent out Electabuzz!

MTN Electric sent out Lanturn!

Turn 2

The opposing Electabuzz used Metronome!

Waggling a finger let it use Jump Kick!
A critical hit!
(Gastrodon lost 56.1% of its health!)

The opposing Manectric used Metronome!

Waggling a finger let it use Splash!
But nothing happened!

Kingdra used Metronome!

Waggling a finger let it use Rock Climb!
(The opposing Lanturn lost 27.6% of its health!)

The opposing Lanturn used Metronome!

Waggling a finger let it use Night Daze!
(Gastrodon lost 15.2% of its health!)
Gastrodon's accuracy fell!

Gastrodon used Metronome!

Waggling a finger let it use Mean Look!
The opposing Manectric can no longer escape!

Carracosta used Metronome!

Waggling a finger let it use Flare Blitz!
(The opposing Electabuzz lost 45.6% of its health!)
Carracosta was damaged by the recoil!

Turn 3

The opposing Manectric used Metronome!

Waggling a finger let it use Acrobatics!
(Kingdra lost 13.3% of its health!)

The opposing Electabuzz used Metronome!

Waggling a finger let it use Sheer Cold!
Gastrodon avoided the attack!

Kingdra used Metronome!

Waggling a finger let it use Cross Chop!
(The opposing Lanturn lost 32.4% of its health!)

The opposing Lanturn used Metronome!

Waggling a finger let it use Magnet Rise!
The opposing Lanturn levitated with electromagnetism!

Gastrodon used Metronome!

Waggling a finger let it use Blaze Kick!
A critical hit!
(The opposing Manectric lost 51.5% of its health!)

Carracosta used Metronome!

Waggling a finger let it use Iron Defense!
Carracosta's Defense rose sharply!

Turn 4

The opposing Manectric used Metronome!

Waggling a finger let it use Mist!
The opposing team became shrouded in mist!

The opposing Electabuzz used Metronome!

Waggling a finger let it use Synthesis!
The opposing Electabuzz had its HP restored.

Kingdra used Metronome!

Waggling a finger let it use Tail Whip!
The opposing Lanturn is protected by the mist!
The opposing Manectric is protected by the mist!

The opposing Lanturn used Metronome!

Waggling a finger let it use Rock Tomb!
It's not very effective...
(Gastrodon lost 5.3% of its health!)
Gastrodon's Speed fell!

Gastrodon used Metronome!

Waggling a finger let it use Substitute!
But it does not have enough HP left to make a substitute!

Carracosta used Metronome!

Waggling a finger let it use Surf!
It's not very effective on the opposing Lanturn.
(Gastrodon lost 23.4% of its health!)
(The opposing Electabuzz lost 48.8% of its health!)
(The opposing Lanturn lost 17.8% of its health!)

Gastrodon fainted!

Go! Tentacruel!

Turn 5

The opposing Manectric used Metronome!

Waggling a finger let it use Fling!
(Kingdra lost 3.0% of its health!)
Kingdra restored PP to its move Metronome using its Leppa Berry!
The opposing Manectric flung its Leppa Berry!

The opposing Electabuzz used Metronome!

Waggling a finger let it use Discharge!
[The opposing Lanturn's Volt Absorb]
The opposing Lanturn had its HP restored.
It's super effective on Tentacruel!
It's super effective on Carracosta!
(Tentacruel lost 48.6% of its health!)
(Carracosta lost 41.0% of its health!)

Tentacruel used Metronome!

Waggling a finger let it use Quiver Dance!
Tentacruel's Sp. Atk rose!
Tentacruel's Sp. Def rose!
Tentacruel's Speed rose!

Kingdra used Metronome!

Waggling a finger let it use Imprison!
Kingdra sealed any moves its target shares with it!

The opposing Lanturn can't use its sealed Metronome!

Carracosta used Metronome!

Waggling a finger let it use Imprison!
Carracosta sealed any moves its target shares with it!

Turn 6

Kingdra, come back!
Go! Sharpedo!

Carracosta, come back!
Go! Milotic!

Tentacruel used Metronome!

Waggling a finger let it use Needle Arm!
It's super effective!
(The opposing Lanturn lost 29.2% of its health!)
The opposing Manectric has no moves left!

The opposing Manectric used Struggle!
(Tentacruel lost 12.9% of its health!)
The opposing Manectric was damaged by the recoil!
The opposing Electabuzz has no moves left!

The opposing Electabuzz used Struggle!
(Milotic lost 10.6% of its health!)
The opposing Electabuzz was damaged by the recoil!
The opposing Lanturn has no moves left!

The opposing Lanturn used Struggle!
(Milotic lost 9.4% of its health!)
The opposing Lanturn was damaged by the recoil!

The opposing Lanturn fainted!

MTN Electric sent out Emolga!

Turn 7

Tentacruel used Metronome!

Waggling a finger let it use Explosion!
A critical hit on the opposing Emolga!
A critical hit on the opposing Manectric!
(Sharpedo lost 74.6% of its health!)
(Milotic lost 32.9% of its health!)
(The opposing Electabuzz lost 26.4% of its health!)
(The opposing Emolga lost 100% of its health!)
(The opposing Manectric lost 23.1% of its health!)

Tentacruel fainted!
The opposing Electabuzz fainted!
The opposing Emolga fainted!
The opposing Manectric fainted!

MTN Water won the battle!